Adding docs for userroles and permissions on user management dashboard. (#752)
supertokens/docs: v2/emailpassword/user-roles/managing-roles-and-users.mdx

</BackendSDKTabs>

> :::tip
> Roles can also be assigned and removed from a user from the user management dashboard, to know more about how to manage your user roles and permissions from user management dashboard look <a href="/docs/userdashboard/managing-user-roles-and-permissions" target="_blank">here</a>
> :::
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

You can get a list of all roles that were assigned to a specific user.

:::tip

> You can also see all the roles that are assigned to a user from the user manangement dashboard on the user details page for that particular user, to know more about how to manage your user roles and permissions from user management dashboard look <a href="/docs/userdashboard/managing-user-roles-and-permissions" target="_blank">here</a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also view all the roles that are assigned to a user from the user management dashboard on the user details page for that particular user. To know more about how to manage your user roles and permissions from user management dashboard see <a href="/docs/userdashboard/managing-user-roles-and-permissions" target="_blank">this page</a>.
```
